AI Voice Assistant (#59)
hackclub/winter: haitomns4173.md

---
name: "@haitomns4173"
project: "Rasberry Pi AI Assistant"
---

# Project Name
Rasberry Pi AI Assistant

## Summary

So the plan is to make a AI assistant like Google Assistant, Alexa and Siri, for home automation as well as queries answered. 
I am even working on a python script to act as a simple assistant to answer small questions using data from the internet. 
It will be used for controlling the light, AC and other IOT devices in the home as well as we can get answer of queries.

## Plan

First of all I will set up the OS in the SD card of the Raspberry Pi then power it on.
The plan is to use a Raspberry Pi as a computation device to handle the assistant SDK from Google or Amazon. 
I will require a speaker and connect it to the Raspberry Pi and also connect a USB mic to it for taking the input. 
After setting up the hardware I will connect the pi through the SSH clint and set up the SKD as test if the speaker and mic are working. 
If everything is attached and working fine we can give a command to the Assistant and it will answer the queries.
After that I am going to test my custom assistant, with some simple question. 

> Finally if everything is tested and working properly, u will amke a wooden I'd cardboard enclosure to put all the contents in it and make it a single unit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally if everything is tested and working properly, I will make a wooden cardboard enclosure to put all the contents in it and make it a single unit.
```

Author: Thank you for correcting that!
